docs: include steps for migration to palm (#85)
eduNEXT/drydock: README.rst

This guide delineates the necessary steps for a seamless migration to Palm using Drydock, ensuring a smooth transition with careful consideration of potential challenges.

Regarding initialization jobs
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

> Since Drydock version 15.8.1, a new mechanism was introduced to automatically generate Kubernetes

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Since Drydock version 16.4.0, a new mechanism was introduced to automatically generate Kubernetes
```
